# week1
repository for english 235 
 I am Alejandro Chavez a running start student at pierce college i am a junior in highschool. I participate in school sports the sports are varsity football and varsity soccer for football i am the kicker. for soccer i am the forward, centermid, and outside midfielder. i have my own landscaping business i am very ambitious i want to have a huge company i think i am capable of this because in little amount of time i've been able to get many customers. 
 i thought technical writing was writing using technology. i didn't know what to expect from this class. this class is very different then what i thought it would have been now i know we make instructions much simpler then they should be so many different types of people can understand how to use a certain product or program the programing historian facilitates how to find complex or simple information and gives us the understanding to be able to teach those who need instruction. the audience for programing historian is for those who want to become technical writers. 
 pierce hacker is for those who want to begin to program or begin to technical write. and can also look at other peoples work for ideas. this text looks like something you would read for instructions or give out instructions it has a very professional outlook with very good organization having settings in profile and then has a section for each different thing you want to do like issues or projects or even pull requests. this week i've learned many things i learned how github works what technical writing in general is! and how it works. i learned how to do my first instructions paper as well.


# week2
this week in class we made instructions for our lego creations i created my instructions online. i chose to add pictures to my instrctions so i could be as precise as possible. i want the person reading my instructions to know exactly what it is i want them to do with the lego pieces. 
my intention is for kids to read my instructions in class it is going to be students but my main target is kids because what kind of kids dont like race cars and legos? they've been able to make my writing simpler.
i chose google docs because it is quick easy accesible and professional. it just shows id rather write on a plat form im used to.
this week i learned that i personally enjoy technical writing i didnt think it would be fun but writing steps to how to do something really isnt that difficult. it is very enjoyable and easy.
feed back that i recieved is i should keep adding in progress pictures to the steps mainly step 6 and 7 because my classmate mitch rosaaen didnt understand where i wanted the dome and the 2x6 lego piece to go. but overall he felt it was fairly easy he thought it was organised and had a goog layout 
this is my link to my instrctuins piece
[link for my instructions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Y7jJPftWzs-iAqOrmPcXKeeIbmT3vXqRkLOkXvsOTxU/edit?usp=sharing)


# week3
 This week i did many things i began by learning what a survey was and asking questions for a survey we had to have our questions finalized by thursday so jason could have them finished for us to get started on monday after the friday that he was gone in.
	My personal outcomes stay the same because my main focus is still trying to learn how to write instructions as simple as possible and i’m doing so by figuring out what peers from my college struggle in using. To continue moving forward with my personal outcomes i believe staying open to learning about new sources and being able to explain in a deeper way will help me accomplish my personal goals/outcomes
# week4
After doing research i found this website to be most helpful. What i learned from it was many things. Like advice of formatting the analytical report. How to correctly synthesize certain needed information to support the solution that my analytical report will be doing. Unfortunatley this website doesnt include analytical report samples and so it was more of like a how-to. Also i found another website this website is more of a step by step tutorial. it isnt very detailed in depth but it helps grasp the gist of things. This week we finished our survey for our pierce hacker project. I felt that was good and i was satisfied on my input into the survey. on our own we were to conduct our own email to send out to our professors. My initial draft was good but it had one big flaw. The flaw was in the way i greeted my professor. 
 # week5
what the beginning of writing my analytical report we started off doing the assignment wrong. My partner and i thought we were actually doing the pierce hacker tutorials. Jason got us back on track by helping us further understand the assignment correctly by rereading instructions. We started off very slow, we didnt knw the difference between a title page and cover page. So at the start it was alot of learning the contents of the analytical report. Then we got started and we started rolling on our details in the analytical report. Our feedback that was given to us was more related to formatting of the report and design wise. We had formatting issues because we had trouble with what contents went before the other and how they were supposed to look.
